Added notes from September 16, 2021 meetings. (#136)
carpentries/trainers: minutes/2021-09-16.md

- Sarah: We want to make sure we are communicating our expectations so that Trainers don't count themselves out when they shouldn't. What do we need in writing so that people understand how flexible we are trying to be?
- Karen: Last year we introduced units, and it was quiet for awhile but then we started hearing people were uncomfortablew with it. It felt like a work contract, but that was not at all the intention.
- Pao: In the last agreement there was a differnce between workshops organzied via a membership, scholarship, or generally. I don't see that here and wonder how that would work.
- Karen: On the sponsored Instructor Training side, your area is a priority. As far as what that means for your work as a Trainer and whether sponsored events count toward service. WE have not included that here. Definitely in your case, that would need to count for you.
- Luis: Would moving to want Instructor Training leave The Carpentries hanging?
- Karen: We will need to figure out what we can do, but for this time, let's just talk about what is reasonable.

> - Sarah: We suggest 2, but we won't inactivate your certification if you teach only 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sarah: For example, we may suggest 2, but we won't inactivate your certification if you teach only 1.
```

- Amanda: I really like that idea because we are missing incentives. If anyone has other ideas, I'd love to hear it.
- Karen: I have brought this up with the Director of Membership and we will continue to push for that. I agree it is deserved and should happen.
- Liz: The role of Trainers, they have taken more of a custodian or community elder type role. Because the mode of engagement has been becoming an instructor then an instructor or instructors. It has certain features. I became aware of this when reviewing applications to be Trainers. Lots of people are saying being a Trainer will help them build their local communities. Seeing these things emerge is intersting and we are dealing wtih this here as well. There is now other opportunities to engage in The Carpentries, so it is important to recognize the benefits that Trainers bring, who is responsible for community building, It is kind of hard to work out the demand and the motivation to recognize the work of Trainers at this time.

> - Karen: We alos have a new Director of Community and she will be speaking to this gorup. I want to emphasize that there are conversations about memberships. Membership has created a lot of tension in creating this document. This document doesn't address the needs of membership. Waht we are trying to do is separate membership criteria from Trainer criteria. We want to create a minimum criteria that is inclusive for Trainers. We want a standard that doesn't need so many exceptions including for Trainers in areas where we don't run many trainings, or internet is a problem, or we don't run trainings in their language. I also kind of want to separate the question of sustainability. First we want to know what the community wants. What do you think is realistic? And then we will see if we can do that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Karen: We also have a new Director of Community and she will be speaking to this group. I want to emphasize that there are conversations about memberships. Membership has created a lot of tension in creating this document. This document doesn't address the needs of membership. What we are trying to do is separate membership criteria from Trainer criteria. We want to create a minimum criteria that is inclusive for Trainers. We want a standard that doesn't need so many exceptions including for Trainers in areas where we don't run many trainings, or internet is a problem, or we don't run trainings in their language. I also kind of want to separate the question of sustainability. First we want to know what the community wants. What do you think is realistic? And then we will see if we can do that.
```
typos are more visible after clicking approve, apparently, lol
